chapter one he adored New York City he
idolized it all out of proportion no
make that he he romanticized it all out
of proportion fell to him no matter what
the season was this was still a town
that existed in black and white and
pulsated to the great tunes of George
Gershwin now let me stop someone chapter
one he was as tough and romantic as the
city he loved behind his black rimmed
glasses was the coiled sexual power of a
jungle cat I love this New York was his
town and it always would be
Manhattan starring Woody Allen well okay
well tell me why do you get a divorce
why I got a divorce because my ex-wife
left me for another woman training and
then
no I thought I took it rather well under
the circumstances we I tried to run them
both over with a car
Diane Keaton much different you're much
different yeah yes you're someone I
could I could imagine having children
with really yeah well it hit the Lights
Feb 10 Mike Ulm urfi you don't wanna
make a commitment and I don't want to
break up my marriage and then find out
that we're not good together
the point is what the hell am i doing in
this relationship anyway my phone never
stops ringing I go to bed with an entire
Faculty of MIT if I wanted to it's just
then and I'm wasting myself on a married
man mariel hemingway template you get
out tonight you know cuz I really didn't
want to see a lot I like it when you get
an uncontrollable urge yeah I know it's
my best feature
Meryl Streep I don't write this book
it's a humiliating spear
it's an honest account of our breakup
Jesus everybody that knows this is gonna
know everything
because I love the two of us I was not
the amoral psychotic promiscuous one I
hope I didn't leave out anything and
burn is it true did you make mother
stealing another woman did she want it
right you know I always I'd want to be a
bad spirit
I came here to strangle you nothing I
wrote was untrue what do you mean that
book makes me have to be like Lee Harvey
Oswald it's an honest account of our
marriage I think I'm still in love with
you you are you think you are I started
seeing him again I'm shocked I'm I'm
shocked I'm surprised look I love her
I've always loved her so what'd you like
tonight you don't like it you did like
you you know it's still early you can
change your mind one more time before
dinner
you are so self-righteous you know I
mean we're just people we're just human
beings you know you think you're God I
got a model myself after someone
you